doc(release): Release notes for web 24.04.3 / gorgone 24.04.1 (#3371)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-24.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 24.04.3

Release date: `June 17, 2024`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [Metrics Graph widget] Curves for metrics with the same name are now differentiated by automatically adjusting colors.
- [Resource Status] In the filter window, you can now filter by resource type.
- [Widget edition] Removed incompatible resources when filtering using multiple resource types.
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [API] Fixed API access control for monitoring endpoints.
- [API] Fixed access control for some v2 API service configuration endpoints.
- [Configuration] Fixed mass change on services.
- [Dashboards] Added missing default curve settings to the Metrics Graph widget.

> - [Dashboards] All services are now displayed in the dataset resources section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dashboards, Resource Status] All services are now displayed in the dataset resources section.
```

## Centreon Web

### 24.04.3

Release date: `June 17, 2024`

> <details open>
>   <summary>Enhancements</summary>
> 
> - [Metrics Graph widget] Distinguished curves for same metric name, by automatically adjusting colors.
> - [Resource Status] In the filter window, you can now filter by resource type.
> - [Widget edition] Removed incompatible resources when filtering using multiple resource types.
> </details>
> 
> <details>
>   <summary>Bug fixes</summary>
> 
> - [API] Fixed API access control for monitoring endpoints.
> - [API] Fixed access control for some v2 API service configuration endpoints.
> - [Configuration] Fixed mass change on Services.
> - [Dashboards] Added missing default curve settings to the Metrics Graph widget.
> - [Dashboards] Correctly listed services on the data set resources.
> - [Resource Status] Fixed an issue with adding comments on hosts and meta-services in their details panel.
> - [Resource Status] Filters can now be deselected in the search window.
> - [Resource Status] Fixed Service filter list.
> - [Resource Status] Fixed redirection to "Performance > Graphs" menu in graph panel for meta-services.
> - [Resource Status] The passive check icon is now displayed next to the correct resources.
> - [Widget edition] Removed incompatible resources when filtering using multiple resource types.
> - [Widgets]	Widgets are now loaded correctly.
> 
> </details>
> 
> <details>
>   <summary>Security fixes</summary>
> 
> - [Security] Fixed several SLQi  issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [Metrics Graph widget] Curves for metrics with the same name are now differentiated by automatically adjusting colors.
- [Resource Status] In the filter window, you can now filter by resource type.
- [Widget edition] Removed incompatible resources when filtering using multiple resource types.
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [API] Fixed API access control for monitoring endpoints.
- [API] Fixed access control for some v2 API service configuration endpoints.
- [Configuration] Fixed mass change on services.
- [Dashboards] Added missing default curve settings to the Metrics Graph widget.
- [Dashboards] All services are now displayed in the dataset resources section.
- [Resource Status] Fixed an issue with adding comments on hosts and meta-services in their details panel.
- [Resource Status] Filters can now be deselected in the search window.
- [Resource Status] Fixed redirection to "Performance > Graphs" menu in graph panel for meta-services.
- [Resource Status] The passive check icon is now displayed next to the correct resources.
- [Widget edition] Removed incompatible resources when filtering using multiple resource types.
- [Widgets] Widgets are now loaded correctly.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Security fixes</summary>

- [Security] Fixed several SLQi issues.
```
